role="main" class="main-body" id="body-section-765683" > Follow us on Instagram @thephotostore.in &ldquo;People don&rsquo;t need pictures anymore, they need moments.&rdquo; Hello, Welcome to The Photo Store At The Photo Store & team, Aim is to give my great photography & films to you .
Having assigned to capture the most important days in your life, we leave no stone unturned to click the best.
We love doing what we do, connecting with amazing people like you, the lights & the magical moments of your wedding that we are a part of.
Harshita & Nicky - Goa March 11, 2024 Ria & Kashyap March 2, 2024 Jobin & Anjali May 28, 2023 &mdash; Wedding 1 / 4 Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide 1 / 4 Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide Testimonials Choosing The Photo Store was one of the best decisions we made during our wedding planning process.
They helped us achieve the Pinterest-perfect wedding we dreamed of.
Steffi & Bradley Couple 1 / 4 Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide Testimonials We booked Photostore for my roce, wedding and portone ceremony.
The team has captured the moments from our day so beautifully.
The photos transported us to different moments and emotions we felt on our big day.
The pictures are truly captivating.
The depth, drama, play of light, angle, creativity has been excellent.
We’ve received compliments on the photos from all our guests. we also did not have time for a formal photo shoot, the team still did justice and delivered such a wide range of photos (no one can including us could believe we did not have a formal shoot and still got such pictures) Risham is extremely passionate about his work.
He puts his heart and soul into doing what he does with focus on high quality delivery.
He is a warm person, very professional and invests time in understanding the couple (the real story) which helps him capture with unique perspective and creativity and not just the usual traditional photos.
I am yet to receive the videos and totally excited.
I would totally recommend hiring him for your special occasion and you can literally trust him blindly.
Wishing the team all very best! Luiza & Klins Couple 1 / 4 Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide Testimonials The photo store Team captured our special day flawlessly! From the moment we met, their professionalism and passion for photography were evident.
They were incredibly easy to work with, making us feel comfortable and relaxed throughout the entire process.
The photos they delivered were nothing short of breathtaking.
They perfectly captured the joy, love, and emotion of our wedding day.
The attention to detail was amazing, and we were blown away by the beautiful compositions and stunning lighting.
We highly recommend The photostore to any couple looking for a talented and dedicated photographer to capture their special day.
They will go above and beyond to ensure you have beautiful memories to cherish for a lifetime.
Ankit & Priya Couple 1 / 4 Slide 1 Slide 2 Slide 3 Slide Testimonials We absolutely loved working with The photo store! They captured every special moment of our wedding beautifully, and their team made us feel so comfortable and at ease throughout the day.
The photos are stunning, full of emotion, and truly tell the story of our day.
We couldn’t be happier with how everything turned out.
Highly recommend them for anyone looking for amazing, heartfelt photography! Harshita & Nicky Couple Get in Touch As seen in Instagram @thephotostore.in Home Wedding Films Couple Session FAQ'S Contact Unveil The Mystique All content Copyright © 2025 THE PHOTO STORE 
